Dear Professional ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2216 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 55 days . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 120% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson of Delaware tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws ! Don't delay - 
order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% . God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , Title 5 
; Section 301 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 23 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you sell more plus 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Mr Ames of Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! We urge you to contact us today for your own 
future financial well-being . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks . Dear Professional 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; 
Title 7 , Section 303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 29 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 160% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Jones of California tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks . 
